Machine Learning has made significant contributions to the world of Modern science, leveraging its complex algorithms which helps to predict the futuristic trends. Currently, there are a great number of platform-projects and frameworks based on blockchain technology. Crypto Currency is decentralized digital money that is based on blockchain technology and secured by cryptography. To understand cryptocurrency, one needs to first understand three terminologies – blockchain, decentralization, and cryptography. Binance coin (BNB) is the exchange token of the BNB crypto exchange. It was launched originally on the Ethereum blockchain but later migrated to the Binance Smart Chain, now called BNB Chain. The primary objective of this project is to predict BNB coin price using sentiment analysis We have considered data from public sentiments about BNB coin and combined it with historical market data. Machine learning algorithms will be trained to forecast tomorrow's BNB coin price, followed by back testing to evaluate model performance. This project aims to predict future increases or decreases in BNB coin price and to assist users in cryptocurrency investment decisions. We can able understand how well the model is able to predict the tomorrow’s increase in price of BNB coin price, as mentioned it is done based on the sentiments analysis and data is based on the public reviews and their edit counts. We are going to calculate the sentiment score to determine whether prices are increasing or decreasing. The Sentiment score is calculated based on the edits counts(comments) made on that particular day by calculating sentiments and compare it with the negative score. We have used some of sort of 08 algorithms among them we noticed that less error rate is observed  after back testing and we inferred that ANN  Algorithm is preforming good among all the algorithms.
